hi my name is sigrid and we're here at
chistophos museum in norway
as a 24 year old growing up in a welfare
state
largely built on oil and gas i
understand my privilege
and i understand the opportunities it
has given me i'm so
grateful but it's time to move on i
rarely see it snow on christmas eve in
my hometown anymore
there's a new forest fire on the news
every week and the polar ice is
shrinking
all affecting the ecosystem that we live
in i want to protect the nature that i'm
standing in
i want to be a part of a shift to
healthier food systems
and i want to live in a society where
clean power is the only energy that we
use
i believe in science and i believe in
structural changes
and the only way we can do this is
together
so please use your right to vote for
politicians who care about the climate
and continue to speak up we can do this
thank you for listening
couldn't wait till i got outside
wondering
what the world be like i knew i had to
change my mind didn't realize
it happened oh so soon
[Music]
all so soon
but i see the world so different now
cause there's a place by the sea and
that's my town
when i don't know what to say
when i don't know what to do
there's a room i need to sit in
surrounded by my favorite view
and i need a hand to hold
someone to tell the truth
would it be okay if i came home
to you
independence comes with the praise when
questioning
your own advice but i know
i'll be all right with an open door
no matter what i do
what i do
[Music]
but i see
when i don't know what to say
when i don't know what to do
there's a room i need to sit in
surrounded by my favorite
when i need
to tell the truth would it be
okay if i came home to you
[Music]
no i don't wanna keep on calling
remind me that nothing has changed but
it'd be
okay would it be okay for you
but i see the world's so different now
[Music]
when i don't know what to say
when i don't know what to do
there's a room i need to sit in
surrounded by my favorite view when i
need to
tell the truth
would it be okay if i came home
to you
[Music]
would it be okay if i came
to you
[Music]
you shut me down you lack the control
you speak to me like i'm a child
[Music]
try to hold it down i know the
answer i can shake it up and you
feel threatened by me
i try to play nice with all
who don't kill my
[Music]
to me don't you i don't kill my
vibe you love to tear me down
and pick me apart
then build me up like i depend on you
and know but i throw myself from heights
that i used to scare
me cause you're surprised i'm the puzzle
no
you can't figure out
[Music]
i say i'm young i don't
but i'm not even
[Music]
oh it don't kill my baby
i try to play hospitals
[Music]
but i wanted you to know
don't kill my vibe